In this lesson, we're going to learn all about routing.
Admittedly, the routing senior react native is a little crazy.
The solutions are great,
but there are many different solutions with different trade offs.
The router that we're going to go with, is react navigation.
The reason for this, is because it was built by a team at
Facebook and is the official routing solution for React Native.
Routing on Native is a completely different paradigm than routing on the web.
When you're routing on the web,
typically what you're doing is you're mapping a URL to a specific component.
On Native, instead of mapping a URL to a component,
the router keeps track of a route stack.
You can think of it like an array of routes.
So when you navigate around your application,
the router pushes and pops routes off the route stack.
To introduce this new routing paradigm,
let's take a look at react navigations, tab navigator API.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6